pull_request_template (#238)
schul-cloud/edtrio: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Description
<!--

>   This is a template to give as much as possible Informations to the pull request, to help the person which will do the review and is a checklist for you. Points to recognize are set in the comments, please read and keep them in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is a template to add as many information as possible to the pull request, to help reviewer and as a checklist for you. Points to remember are set in the comments, please read and keep them in mind:
```

>     - Code should be selfexplain and share your knowlege with others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Code should be self-explanatory and share your knowledge with others
```

>     - Document code that is not selfexplain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Document code that is not self-explanatory
```

>     - Think about Bugs and keep security in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Think about bugs and keep security in mind
```

    - Write tests (Unit and Integration), also for error cases

>     - Main logic should hided behind the api, never trust the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Main logic should hidden behind the api, never trust the client
```

>     - Visibile changes should be discussed with the UX-Team from the begining of Programming, they also have to accept them at the end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Visible changes should be discussed with the UX-Team from the begining of development; they also have to accept them at the end
```

>     - Keep changes also in changelog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Keep the changelog up-to-date
```

>     - Remove not needed lines or set them as comment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Leave the code cleaner than you found it. Remove unnecessary lines. Listen to the linter.
```

-->

## Links to Tickets or other pull requests
<!--

> Base Links to copie from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base links to copy
```

- https://github.com/schul-cloud/schulcloud-server/pull/????
- https://ticketsystem.schul-cloud.org/browse/SC-????
-->

## Changes
<!--
  Short notice if a ticket exists, more detailed if not
-->

[//]: ## Datasecurity
<!--

>   Notice about model changes, logging of user data and other user data stuff, should be noticed here. If you are not sure if it is relevant, ask the datasecureity team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Notice about model changes, logging of user data and other user data stuff, should be noted here. If you are not sure if it is relevant, ask the data-security team. 
```

-->

[//]: ## Deployment
<!--

>   Keep in mind to change seed data, if changes are done by migration scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Keep in mind to changes to seed data, if changes are done by migration scripts.
```

  Changes to the infrastructure have to discussed with the devops

  This point should includes following informations:
  - Envirement variables like FEATURE_XY=true

>   - Migration scripts to run, to get it run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Migration scripts to run, other requirements
```

-->

[//]: ## New Repos, NPM pakages or vendor scripts
<!--

>   Keep in mind the stability, performance, aktivity, actuality and author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Keep in mind the stability, performance, activity and author.
```

>   Discripe why it is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Describe why it is needed.
```

-->

## Screenshots of changes
<!--

>   only needed for visiual stuff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  only needed for visual changes
```

>   If visisual changes exists, work from beginning thogheter with UI/UX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If visual changes exist, work together with UI/UX from from beginning
```

-->

## Approval for review

> [ ] All points were discussed with the ticket creator, support-team or product owner. The code resolved all quaility giddeline writen in comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] All points were discussed with the ticket creator, support-team or product owner. The code upholds all quality guidelines from the PR-template.
```

> Notice: Please remove the WIP label if the PR is ready to review, otherwise nobody will review it.

## Link to Definiton of Done

> More and detailed Informations to the definition of Done are[in Confluence](https://docs.schul-cloud.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=92831762)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More and detailed information on the *definition of done* can be found [on Confluence](https://docs.schul-cloud.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=92831762)
```

    - Keep the changelog up-to-date
    - Leave the code cleaner than you found it. Remove unnecessary lines. Listen to the linter.
-->

## Links to Tickets or other pull requests
<!--
Base links to copy
- https://github.com/schul-cloud/schulcloud-server/pull/????
- https://ticketsystem.schul-cloud.org/browse/SC-????
-->

## Changes
<!--
  What will the PR change?
  Short notice if a ticket exists, more detailed if not
-->

## Datasecurity
<!--
  Notice about model changes, logging of user data and other user data stuff, should be noted here. If you are not sure if it is relevant, ask the data-security team. 

-->

## Deployment
<!--
  Keep in mind to changes to seed data, if changes are done by migration scripts.
  Changes to the infrastructure have to discussed with the devops

  This point should includes following informations:
  - Envirement variables like FEATURE_XY=true
  - Migration scripts to run, other requirements
-->

## New Repos, NPM pakages or vendor scripts
<!--
  Keep in mind the stability, performance, activity and author.

  Describe why it is needed.
-->

> ## Screenshots of changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Screenshots of UI changes
```

Reviewer 2: Can we move this part up?

> ## Screenshots of UI changes

Reviewer 2: Can we move this part up?

<!--
  only needed for visual changes

>   If visual changes exist, work together with UI/UX from beginning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If visual changes exist, work together with UI/UX from beginning/ping UX with final PR
```
